Add react-native-header-scroll-view to Community-developed Navigators and Libraries (#533)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: docs/community-libraries-and-navigators.md

#### Links

[github.com/vonovak/react-navigation-props-mapper](https://github.com/vonovak/react-navigation-props-mapper)

## react-native-header-scroll-view

> This component addresses the most requested feature to React Navigation – [iOS large header and grow/shrink on scroll](https://react-navigation.canny.io/feature-requests/p/ios-11-large-header-and-growshrink-on-scroll), made by [@jonsamp](https://github.com/jonsamp). It is different than the actual iOS large header behavior, but does the header title shrinking well. It can be used with React Navigation by using the following code in your component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component implements [iOS large header with grow/shrink on scroll](https://react-navigation.canny.io/feature-requests/p/ios-11-large-header-and-growshrink-on-scroll), made by [@jonsamp](https://github.com/jonsamp). Note that it doesn't handle header animation between screens, it only handles animating the header title on scroll.

To use this component for header in React Navigation, we need to disable the default header:
```

```
  static navigationOptions = {

>     headerMode: "none",

Reviewer: `headerMode` is an option in `createStackNavigator`'s config, not in `navigationOptions`. I'd document both, `headerMode: 'none'` to disable globally, and `header: null` to disable header for one screen.

Author: done!

This component implements [iOS large header with grow/shrink on scroll](https://react-navigation.canny.io/feature-requests/p/ios-11-large-header-and-growshrink-on-scroll), made by [@jonsamp](https://github.com/jonsamp). Note that it doesn't handle header animation between screens, it only handles animating the header title on scroll.

> headerMode is an option in createStackNavigator's config, not in navigationOptions. I'd document both, headerMode: 'none' to disable globally, and header: null to disable header for one screen.

Reviewer: Hmm. I was replying to you, not suggesting to add this text to the README.

Author: oh oops totally my bad
